docs: update token logo (#59)
DimensionDev/Mask-Token-Lists: README.md

- Don't forget to bump version in `package.json`.
- Rise a pull request in this repository.

## Steps for updating token logo

> One updating commit can not trigger the cloudflare to update its resources. Commit separately:
> 
> 1. Delete the original `logo.png`.
> 2. Add the new `logo.png`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It requires two separate commits to trigger Cloudflare to update its resource.

1. Delete the `logo.png` that needs to be updated.
1. Add the new `logo.png`.
```
